feat: Add Buddy to supported Cloud CI Providers (#26848)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- See the ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->
## 12.13.1

> _Released 05/31/2023 (PENDING)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Released 06/06/2023 (PENDING)_
```

Author: fixed

**Features:**

> - Add Buddy to supported CI providers [#26848](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26848)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Buddy to the list of supported CI providers that maps to the Cloud. Addressed in [#26848](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26848).
```

Reviewer 2: "the the" => "the"

Author: fixed
